KGoldrunner v3.1 - TODO (for KDE 4.1?)
--------------------------------------

Revised 21 Jan 2008


Done in KDE 4.0 release
-----------------------

 2. Option to repeat last level, with 5 new lives, after "Game Over".
    Ian Comment: DONE.

 3. Clean up and speed up the themes we ship 
    Ian Comment: Old KDE 3/2/1 themes have been dropped.  KGr now has 6
    excellent SVG themes for KDE 4, including new Black-and-White and Egypt
    themes. But Geek City especially needs work (Eugene?): DONE

 4. Update the documentation, hints and messages.
    Ian Comment: Hints and game data DONE.  Doco and *.cpp messages DONE.

 5. Dialog facelifts.  Ian Comment: DONE.



To do in post-KDE 4.0 releases:
-------------------------------

 1. Removal of the "game over" dialog.
    Luciano Comment: I wanted to use the gamepopup stuff for that instead,
    but it's for QGraphicsView, I think, so we'll have to emulate it for the
    GameCanvas.  I find the dialog to be irritating in the context.

3a. Re-organization of resize, re-load, re-render and re-paint: DONE
    Need to try using KPixmapCache to speed startup, after the first KGoldrunner
    session and maybe also the maximize/full-screen/restore sequence. IN PROGRESS

 6. Fix the KScoreDialog in libkdegames so that it works well for KGoldrunner,
    and write the conversion scripts for the old score files.
    Ian Comment: Facelift of old KGr highscore dialog DONE, including
    removing a redundant message box and having "-" as default player
    name (for Mauricio ;-)).

 7. In-canvas game information (what's now in the status bar): score, level,
    number of lives, with a nice font - large and readable ...
    Ian Comment: Imo the status bar has become very vanilla in KDE 4 and not
    as useful (for KGr) as it was in KDE 2-3.

 8. A startup screen, somewhat similar to the Konqueror Help->Introduction page,
    with some common actions.  This would replace the Quick Start dialog and
    fill the central widget during the time the main graphics is loading.

 9. New game-engine ... making possible ...

10. More accurate pause/resume.

11. Save and reload at any instant in a game.

12. Record and replay games.

13. Run demos ... especially at startup or as hints for difficult levels.

14. Hot-new-stuff support for themes and game sets.

15. Sounds.
    Ian Comment: Our sound man (my son Peter) is ready.  He also composed many
    of the levels in KGr when he was about 13.  The price of his work is a
    copy of KGr working on Apple OS X ... a problem as yet unsolved.

16. Registration of high-scores on the Internet, incl. country of origin.

17. Use of recordings to authenticate Internet high scores.

18. Integration of the Scavenger game (180 new levels) and its rule-set.  This
    would also involve allowing different grid dimensions for different games,
    as a feature of the new game engine.

19. Better support for beginners, such as graphical cues for false bricks
    and hidden ladders, extra messages with "don't tell me this again", etc.

20. Animations for death of hero and digging (e.g. death ray from enemy
    to hero and laser beam from hero to brick).

21. Much more use of KConfig classes, e.g. to remember last game and level.
    Ian Comment: Partly DONE in KDE 4.0.

22. Improve the level editor: rect-fill with a tile type, cut-copy-paste of
    tile blocks, undo-redo etc.

Some ideas for the future:
--------------------------

  A.  Design and program extra game objects, such as movable bricks,
      water, teleportation exits and aquatic enemies.

      Movable bricks would be pushed up or sideways or would fall into
      an empty space, to change the maze layout.  As with fall-through
      bricks, they should look just like ordinary bricks.

      With water, the hero could jump in and swim across the surface, at
      a slower speed than on land, but the land enemies would not follow
      him.  If he has to dive below the surface, he can only hold his
      breath for a limited time before he dies.

      Teleportation exits would be connected in pairs.  If you go through
      one exit, you reappear at the other and vice-versa.

      Aquatic enemies would just make life more difficult for the hero
      in the water.  Maybe there could be amphibian enemies too.

  B.  Fancier graphics that are less grid-restricted, e.g. bricks that can
      be scissored out of a large, non-repetitive "wall" section, and trim
      that can be added to floor elements, ladders and empty space, to give
      them a more natural look, such as grass, plants, small trees and
      proper tops and bottoms for ladders.
